Added actual info in README.md (#342)
analysis-dev/save: save-plugins/warn-plugin/README.md

```
// ;warn:3:1: Warning with an explicit set of a line number and column number
```
```

> /* ;warn:1: Multiline warning.
>  * Requires you to specify a value of `expectedWarningsEndPattern` (and `expectedWarningsMiddlePattern` if there is)
>  */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* ;warn:1: Multiline warning. This line should match `expectedWariningsPattern`
 * To match other lines, you need to specify a value of `expectedWarningsEndPattern` (and `expectedWarningsMiddlePattern` if there is any).
  * This line should match `expectedWarningsMiddlePattern`
  * And the next line should match `expectedWarningsEndPattern`
 */
```

Author: Thank you) Fixed
